Angelina C: I just woke up so
Angelina C: I figured I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, thank you. It's pretty so
Angelina C: Are you on a Sunday, but
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay. I had
Gwenevere Abriel: I had set aside some time. I figured, people were going to kind of be going through some roller coaster feelings.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's going on for you.
Angelina C: Well all came in last night, and it's been awful and the other night, the kids and I went to go do laundry up in our friend's house and I don't have service at their up in the mountains.
Angelina C: And he knows he knew we were going up there to do laundry. Well, I got tired, we had like three or four loads, we got up there kind of late, and we just stayed the night until in the morning, right, it's about seven
Angelina C: You didn't talk to me and call me mad that I didn't call him so now he says I'm cheating on him. I'm booking every nigger in the store.
Angelina C: at the gas station. That's what I do that, I'm a horn is that he came and got the kids he stayed here last night. So when I woke up and he was like I said, I like your new phone. He's like, Don't talk to me.
Angelina C: And I was like, okay, I was like, whatever. And he's like, I want everything in lining. Now he's like, because the phones are mining. He's like, I want my name if I'm going to be paying on him.
Angelina C: And he's like, they need kept telling me you have to not done kicked out but boy and his terms at the gates and stay but I gotta go.
Angelina C: And so I said, Okay. Well, I haven't been joined a fight with it because i don't i there's no reason to fight or do you know what we're fighting like why this even came out. Right.
Angelina C: So he got up this morning. Got the kids ready and they were outside doing stuff. I knew they were hanging out. I don't want them coming back in here. So I told my Kayla, I'm going to lock my door. I'm getting on with my counselor and the glass.
Angelina C: So, but it just, I'm so tired of. It's like I'm not even doing anything wrong.
Angelina C: And he's sitting here, accusing me like, I mean, just because I didn't have to write down. There's been nights that he didn't remember I told you, and he was answering his phone.
Angelina C: And I and my gut. This is what happened last year and everything was right. He came back with chlamydia, and I didn't have it. But he accuses me of giving it to him.
Angelina C: And now I don't know.
Angelina C: So those of it.
Angelina C: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It could be that you're right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you could be right and
Gwenevere Abriel: This could all be just what's called projection, where he has some guilty. Guilty thoughts and so he's projecting them on to you he you know that could very well be going on and it probably you're, you're probably on to something. Right. But it has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: What this means, are you, are you just stressed over. I'm gonna need to go find a place like I really, I can't tell, I'm scared about finding my own place my job feels a little unstable worry about my kids like tell me about the biggest concern is right now.
Angelina C: I think it's just fighting with him. It's just the fighting with him like for no reason. He was supposed to come home on Monday morning, Sunday.
Angelina C: You know, we were all expecting it. And then all of a sudden I didn't come home. We just and he knew where we were. He knows, whose house. We were at
Angelina C: You know, it wasn't we go up there all the time to do our laundry, because we don't have water here like he does, he forgets. We don't have water and we can't take showers here, you know, we have to go places to do that. And he's just, I don't know.
Angelina C: I don't know what
Angelina C: He's doing this to me. I don't
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so if you're saying what's bothering you, is the fighting.
Gwenevere Abriel: He, he sounds like he's not fighting, you're saying the kids can live here. You need to go find someplace else. So tell me, tell me what you mean by don't like the fighting.
Angelina C: And he tells me what I'm not kicking you out because I said, Oh, so you want me to leave, what are the kids just going to live here by themselves. I mean, think about that. Like, he's just
Angelina C: I this is my, this is my gut feeling on I'll be on time. This is my gut feeling. And this is what we went through last year.
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh.
Angelina C: Okay, he's down in South Texas like I told you a little comments. He's spitting out like okay with where district of the hosts. Who gives a fuck of their clothes right
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah, I remember
Angelina C: He threw that in there. Then he go he left his friend of his truck here, the one that I was that they were all saying was doing math and I think he buddied up with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, he's using again.
Angelina C: So down there. Yeah, the way he was acting and he didn't call me for two days. But then he's like, you're just a jealous, bitch. He's accusing me stuff that I've been told me, Kayla I
Angelina C: I even tried talking to him this morning about his new phony boxes. He makes so much more money than me. He throws out my face all the time too. I make more money in one day than you do in three or four months.
Angelina C: You know, I don't care. I mean, I'm trying, but I can't live on what I'm making now with the kids. If he's not going to help. I'm gonna have to start something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so, Angela, Angela, you're not used to trusting trusting your intuition and what I what it looks like. And obviously, we haven't been working together for years. But if, if that's the case.
Gwenevere Abriel: If the signs that you're describing around cheating and all this impulsivity, this sort of irrational thinking if it is different if he just seems like a different man. And this is what he was when he was using
Gwenevere Abriel: walks and talks like a duck Angie, I believe you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And even if you're wrong. I understand. Yeah. Any reasonable person would be able to say to him, right, and he would be reasonable any reasonable communication would be, you know what, sweetheart.
Gwenevere Abriel: It looked and sounded the same and I needed to treat it as if it were the same, that you were using
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you really believes that he and all you know using means all of the, you know, lying and irrationality, and maybe sleeping around and high risk sex, blah, blah, blah. The whole macgiolla if that's what's going on. I believe you.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't believe you.
Angelina C: Well, I feel like I think it's all the terms of ever felt like now.
Angelina C: I he was this. I feel. He's just looking for an escape goat, but he wants to fight, but he wants me here too. But then, if he
Angelina C: I just remember when he left us before and he was saying it is for analysis.
Angelina C: And there was this girl from Roswell. It was a stripper. And I just, I threw that in his face this morning and I shouldn't have, but I was like, you don't even
Angelina C: It doesn't even faze me more when we fight it hurts. Yes, because I feel like
Angelina C: He promises us so much like he promised we were going to get a new house and save these, like, Well, no, we're going to fix the cars. First, now he's telling me I have to go find a new car. He has three vehicles. We've had forever together.
Angelina C: And he leaves me without a vehicle knowing I have to work.
Gwenevere Abriel: And Angie. Let's start from basic needs. We need a house. Am I right.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need food.
Gwenevere Abriel: We need these days. We kind of need a car that's kind of questionable, your kids are not it doesn't sound like they're in danger. Correct. He's got enough rationality that kids are safe.
Angelina C: Yeah, but it's like if Michaela didn't know she's scared. Right, well not scared, but she didn't want to go any told him come back in and pack their bags, when he found out is getting on the phone with you. He told him to come back and impact their bags and
Angelina C: Know pack them to pack to leave. So they're going to go stay with her sister, sister, but he right because I saw it, because we have a camera.
Angelina C: When I was he, I called and he was standing there and she answered, like what does she want. And he's like, and I guess my kid. I told her, she's getting on the phone with their counselor.
Angelina C: And then it because all his stuff was still left inside. He never even put it in the truck. So that means he's probably going to come back and talk to me like he usually does that what he found out I was on the phone with you. He left
Angelina C: Until the kids to practice bags.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, Angie. I know this is really a hard thing when we're in a crisis. But tell me, tell me what good. I'm just going to be devil's advocate.
Gwenevere Abriel: I want you to get through this with grace. I want you to feel safe. I want you, if you're not ready to leave and end this this part of the marriage of this relationship. Okay then.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to be able to communicate with an addict. You keep trying to get him to take ownership an addict will not. So hold on tight, if you want, do you want to stay in this House.
Gwenevere Abriel: For this week for this week.
Angelina C: Yeah, I'll say no, see, he's going to read, they'll be gone. Probably, but yes.
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: But they're safe, they're okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, are you going to stay in this House and your plan is to list out the 50 different reasons why you think
Gwenevere Abriel: He is cheating and using drugs again are you staying there because you need shelter and this is a short term situation or are you going to just fight and tell them all the things he's doing wrong.
Angelina C: That's how it feels like I just did you write
Gwenevere Abriel: The night.
Gwenevere Abriel: What are you gonna do
Angelina C: Hey, I'm just lost like I don't know honestly like I
Angelina C: I've always got up and left and went to my mom's, you know, and people like just be nice to him so he'll pay the bills. I can't just be like that.
Angelina C: Okay, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's what I'm getting at. I'm trying to tease out this right there. We're almost I'm almost saying sort of similar to what your friends are saying. So I'm trying to see, because this is where we get into if you're comfortable, you want to go somewhere else. Great. I'm trying to see
Angelina C: No ice. I get mad like before I would I get Mac pack my stuff. Told you know Michaela get your shit. Let's go. But
Angelina C: I told him last time. Do you remember the fight. We got into last time right before I met you, we got in the biggest knock down drag out fight.
Angelina C: That
Gwenevere Abriel: Appointed that what was the point of that. Why would you bring that up just kind of tell me what was the rationale behind it.
Angelina C: Because it was such a bad fight. I was going to leave. I was going to sleep out on the couch. I was in the other room. And then he said he was doing this stuff on the internet. He said that he said that he was gonna have all these black guys come to my work and be
Angelina C: A book or whatever on on Craigslist.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, what St. What am I
Gwenevere Abriel: What I'm saying is why bring up something from the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: You must have something you want him to do. You must want an outcome from bringing this up because if all we're talking about is I just want to stay here. You said, My biggest concern is the fighting, then, then I think you know how to not fight.
Angelina C: I've tried. Yeah. Today I did it. I did fine. I didn't fight with them.
Angelina C: What did you
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you do to make that happen.
Angelina C: Well I well we argued a little but I mean I just normally it's a word. It's a big out blow out like usually it's huge. And this I just didn't fight back. I was like okay I was agreeing with him or
Angelina C: He wants all this stuff go for. I don't care. Like I'm, I'm, I almost feel like we've been through this. So 35 years of my life. This is all 35 years of my life. Yeah, and
Angelina C: And it's too much like I want to be happy. I don't have to see her have to go get water and go take showers at people, but he's in a semi he can go take showers all the time, you know,
Angelina C: He forgets that yeah and it's like in and then he tells me, oh, I'm going to, because we have guns and stuff. And he's like, well, I'm just going to
Angelina C: Give them a Kayla the gun and give them a Kayla, the money cards and so you don't know how I have not been anything on myself. We haven't splurged or did anything I don't make enough to get us to the next to me.
Angelina C: And it's hard. And he's like, why being all the bills and everything. I don't know where your money's going well I don't make what you make your
Angelina C: You know, no this
Gwenevere Abriel: This has nothing to do with the fact that
Gwenevere Abriel: He is right, Angie, this is you redoing the same vulnerable child that you were when you were little.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I know it's really scary. But if you say, what's your friend. If your what your friends are saying and kind of what you just said. I, I didn't fight because I just said, Okay, whatever. Or you didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Argue your points.
Gwenevere Abriel: Angie, you're correct.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're a part of it. You've decided to stay with someone that you just got this tiny little crumb from
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to do it this week and plan an exit strategy or plan on going back to school or getting retraining, you know, I'm right here where I'm going to cheerlead you the whole way through.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if all you want to do is get through today.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you don't want to have to put the pressure on yourself to solve it all today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you can get through today with grace by accepting that he's in active addiction and he cannot hear your good argument points.
You will not
Gwenevere Abriel: You won't win the article.
Angelina C: I didn't talk about takes you wouldn't have to the call and I always have I answered it, my employee was ending. Actually, he's like, You lucky big booking record like going off. I was doing Barrett's
Angelina C: But that's
Gwenevere Abriel: That's that's nonsense. That's a terrible thing to be said to
Gwenevere Abriel: And your tolerance, because you know people
Gwenevere Abriel: How many years have you been tolerating that kind of treatment even since you were a little girl, a long time.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it hurts and it hurts deeply
But it doesn't
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't mean today. He's going to finally get how he's hurting you today today may not be the day where this man in active addiction is going to get your wounding
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. There's no way he can hear you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to trust someone, someone like a dear friend that knows what you've been through, how much you tolerate
Angelina C: That's why I'm going up there now her mom just passed away last night, I guess. So after I get off here. I'm going to go up and see here. Okay, good. But yeah, her and I were talking and it's awful. Because you know what we were up there. When we were up there. That's who I was with
Angelina C: And I was
Angelina C: Telling her and her boyfriend everything that I know and I've been doing. I've been taught not one to preach, you know, like I told her.
Angelina C: But she's like me. She doesn't have any friends. I said, Don't do that. I said, look, I'm looking at my age, I'm 45
Angelina C: You're in the same boat. I was at that age. I don't. I said, if you're not happy because I'm not happy. And she's telling him that, but he won't let her hear it, you know. So I see it too. But it's so easy to tell other people things but for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Angelina C: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it's true for everyone. It's really, it's easy, from a distance. That's the privilege of my role to because it's not new. I don't have to face. Wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: I might need to make a change and it's scary. And it's unfamiliar so many years of your life you're used to people treating you poorly calling you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're at you're less than your it's familiar. I'm not saying that it's healthy. But it's familiar to you, and you've been putting up with it for a long time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe you're getting fed
Gwenevere Abriel: Up. Maybe you want to slowly. That's my question. If you want to slowly build up the ego strength to go out. Get back in your life with right some semblance of sobriety and
Gwenevere Abriel: That authentic self and go, go back into the world without drugs and alcohol. You and I are doing the work you're going to work on trauma. It does mean that you're going to see things that you didn't see before you're going to tolerate fewer toxic relationships. So things might change.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you don't have to. If you want to stay in this relationship with him and hope that he finally sees what you've been through. Okay.
Angelina C: I think it's
Angelina C: Like when he was in high school. He wasn't really bad alcoholic. Well, we all drink, but he was really bad, like where he got on the weekends and doesn't come home.
Angelina C: And there was infidelity from way back when, when I had my daughter, and he was doing it at TVs, and he
Angelina C: He doesn't he doesn't remember all that shit when we he bought us a trailer and then broke it down mad busted her all up.
Angelina C: And my mom ended up stuck with it, you know, but it was like, even when he was back then when Patricia what 26 years ago my daughter, you know,
Angelina C: He was doing that. And it's like, then I started doing it to pay him back. Just because I got, I mean, I was always a stay at home mom and I did work. You know, it just, it doesn't make sense to me that he wants to
Angelina C: He like Why start all over. But then again, he's sitting here after coming home yesterday. He wasn't supposed to be home till Monday morning, which I don't care.
Angelina C: And I saw him that TRUCK, BECAUSE HE CAME OVER IN A DIFFERENT trucks. I saw it sitting outside my work because it said out there for a while.
Angelina C: And, um, and then it left and I saw it and I was like oh and I just bothers me that he's
Angelina C: Been like this because I put up with his ship but then I'm not perfect. I get I'm not perfect. By all means.
Angelina C: But he thinks I am but like how he called me last night. He's mad over a phone call. I mean, any item and I even told Michaela
Angelina C: Even before this, I said he's guilty of something because he's not acting himself, he wouldn't talk to the kids for two days. So that just shows me that he's using again, I believe, but me.
Angelina C: Anyone's go spend money on the kids. He's like, yeah, you can blow your money on all your or whatever he, I don't know. He was like he just throwing around and then he's like,
Angelina C: The reason is, he will pay the bills here and stuff and I'm gonna have to save us. I can't afford anything right now is what I'm really making you know, yes. So I have to see how it goes. Because I think what I'll do is there. I got this stuff from some housing.
Angelina C: Section eight housing. I've been getting a lot of those on my phone. So I might check into that.
Angelina C: But it's just really hard to understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, wait a minute. When you are using. Are you telling me you don't have huge regrets or huge pieces of time or
Gwenevere Abriel: People are like, oh yeah, you don't remember doing this and you're like, man, I don't wanna. I don't want to think about what I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you have some of those. Yeah.
Angelina C: Okay. Oh yeah, he's
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing that right now and you want to use logic.
Gwenevere Abriel: an addict doesn't have a moral compass. You keep expecting the added part to have a moral compass. Remember separate addict authentic self, your husband's not around, and you keep trying to leverage love and honesty and
Gwenevere Abriel: No, not he's not going to use that kind of logic is only rationalization justification and blame and he's going to make you feel ashamed and guilty. That's what an addict does. You're telling me you didn't do those things when you were you're hustling around
Angelina C: One night, and
Gwenevere Abriel: I did that. Yeah, I used to
Angelina C: Lie and hide you only and everything. Yeah, I know I
Angelina C: Noticed was bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, but I can find them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Notice how you're trying to use logic right now have a who's who. Does that make any sense. He's not in his right mind he can't he can't use logic right now.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You understand that.
Angelina C: Yeah, and that's why he was so excited to leave, he wanted. It's the I thought maybe he stayed here last night that we could talk in the morning, he would have calmed down a little bit, you know, by being home I came in and he didn't. He told me fuck you bitch like all right away.
Angelina C: So, so like whatever I'm fucking everybody and
Angelina C: I just know he has a guilty conscience. I know that because like I told me came over me not making a phone call. I was texting him.
Angelina C: He's like, call me when you get home. I said, okay, and I fell asleep, and we got up and we couldn't find my he I mean everything's I'm smoking cigarettes. Again, but
Angelina C: It's just little things like that that I watched. I feel nervous I trusted him until a couple of weeks until that he that guy came back.
Angelina C: And then he's like, Oh, I can use this truck and and stuff so I know he brought it back because I almost like asking if you got drip history now, would you be clean. I feel like asking him, but
Angelina C: I know he wouldn't be any knows it, too, because he's been. Oh, he's just not. And so I just don't like it. And I'm to the point. I think that
Angelina C: We are broke up and split up so many fucking times now that I am so like, it's like okay you left. Yeah, it hurts. Because here.
Angelina C: He got this job. We all agreed that he was going to go down there. I'd stay here and work.
Angelina C: And that, you know, we're going to get a house in a new house in a couple years that we've always wanted know
Angelina C: We have the land and everything, but no no he doesn't want that he's he's doing his own shit because he got a hope of the pills probably again.
Angelina C: Right, which is better that he's not around me. But like Michaela said my daughter's like I'm not, I'm not going to stay there down the mountain with either going to do that so
Angelina C: So no, I have to see it. Like, I'll have you come get me. But
Gwenevere Abriel: So, do you hear that, I, I believe you.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's you believe in you, and having to take the whole cold, hard look at you have choices and they're difficult ones, but you're trying to convince an addict that you're lovable and worth it. Well, good luck with that.
Angelina C: And he's a he's horrible he will fight like especially he won't shut the fuck up.
Angelina C: So it's just better. I mean, he think I rather him. They're using the new year because I can't handle it when he does it, because when he had mixed before now.
Angelina C: When he doesn't. He's just he flops around yells, I mean, he's just not install and almost recorded in one night and caught me and he got mad at me because I wanted to show him out what he does.
Angelina C: You know, and it scared me. I don't wake up and find him dead or nothing. You know, it's, it's still part of my life but shit. I can't see that anymore. It just, it hurts me he don't give a fuck you know
Angelina C: And he played it off. Good. Last time and then Mikayla was like dad was acting kind of weird well yeah cuz he was using. Yeah.
Angelina C: And they're going to hit my daughters. And what's so bad as a duet together. So they're going to be over there because going to end up calling me probably
Angelina C: Or kiss his mom because
Angelina C: You know, I have to work today. I don't even know why he came in I don't. He wasn't supposed to be here till Monday.
Angelina C: So, and then when the kids were. They were just going to leave. I guess overnight, but then when I told him I was coming on with you. They're leaving. They told him to go pack their bags. So I don't know if you think about a week three days what he's doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: So it hasn't reached the point that you want numbers for for shelters safe house kind of things, or you you don't need something like that.
Well, I'm
Angelina C: Always take them because I have had to leave before I even to go to my mom's now it's just, you know, I don't know the shelters. I know of one in Albuquerque excite went to it before, when he kicked us out. When I was pregnant.
Gwenevere Abriel: I happen to have Russia, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I've got a couple of things in front of
Gwenevere Abriel: Me Um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to double down some numbers.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So again, I know how far they are. I'm just going to give them to you because you just maybe you'll you'll, you'll find a way to get their boss or
Gwenevere Abriel: Something, but so there is a call. You've probably heard of the beret Foundation, a women's shelter.
Gwenevere Abriel: So yeah, so 50524
Gwenevere Abriel: So those first three numbers again are 243
Gwenevere Abriel: And then 4887
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to read that back.
Angelina C: By both 52434487
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to read the last four numbers are wrong.
Angelina C: I'm going to
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to give you the last
Gwenevere Abriel: You ready
Gwenevere Abriel: The last four numbers are
Gwenevere Abriel: Going to sound like this. So let's not talk over each other. Here I go, 4887
Angelina C: Yeah, that's what I got 47 seven
Gwenevere Abriel: Fantastic 4887
Angelina C: And you didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: Know, but it's not your fault. It's just that.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's blurry. Okay, now I know next one is a safe house.
Gwenevere Abriel: And actually just spoke with them this week. I know it just say it's an interview on the phone. That one is actually for
Gwenevere Abriel: For domestic violence shelter and if it's relevant for you, but it's same area code.
Gwenevere Abriel: de de de de SAME AREA CODE 247 and then 4219
Gwenevere Abriel: Domestic Violence Resource Center is same area code 8439123
Gwenevere Abriel: Then Valencia. The ae l e N CIA shelter.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a
Gwenevere Abriel: That's in Berlin, if you want to write that down. Like they just told me this on Friday. So same area code 8643202
Gwenevere Abriel: And then I have haven house AJ V and I'm guessing this has an 800 number
Angelina C: Of course,
Gwenevere Abriel: Starts with a done and then five to 67157 and then I am another one looks like an 800 number for Esperanza shelter. That's the 800 number
Gwenevere Abriel: Then 4735220
Angelina C: That was one 800
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh. The The Haven house and Esperanza shelter. We're both 800 numbers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Um, I spoke with people at the beret foundation incredibly nice woman there I lean on Friday spoke with someone at safe house.
Gwenevere Abriel: People just as polite and as sweet and helpful. They sat there and talk with me. I'll cut because I was looking for some some food for people to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah so super, super nice people.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so it's nice to have. Keep those maybe in in your wallet somewhere where if someone grabs your phone, you can still have them or maybe even plug them in your phone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Away.
Gwenevere Abriel: A couple different places. If you need to leave on the fly. You might want to have a little bag ready with your
Birth Certificate
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what I mean, have that
Gwenevere Abriel: Running after run out the door. I mean, I hate to say it, but I'm not sure.
Angelina C: What we've done now. And before you know it, what
Gwenevere Abriel: I want to show you something. And I don't know if this will be useful or not because I'm still hearing this hope that logic and reason will work with someone on math and it won't. But I get that you want to try
Gwenevere Abriel: But maybe this little visual might might kind of click in your head.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: There's only so much that we are in charge of and we get confused, we think
Gwenevere Abriel: That we can get people to change. Let's just look on the outer the outer orange area.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without them, are over.
Gwenevere Abriel: The house.
Gwenevere Abriel: My kids. You're like, go get
Gwenevere Abriel: 'em.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: You got any orange. We have I'm not in charge of and we'll go over here.
Gwenevere Abriel: what others think
Angelina C: I don't know what happened.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh,
Angelina C: You froze. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm not part of what other people think right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Charge. I can't control right now you you let go of that can't control and especially with an impediment.
Angelina C: Doing. Sorry. Don't know what it's doing, it's weird, it's never done it this way before you can
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to take yourself off video and see what happens.
Angelina C: Yeah, I just never been like this before. I don't know what happened or what I hit
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, because right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's completely normal to me. So I really don't know what you mean.
Angelina C: Oh, me too, at the computer screen as well. Yeah, I mean, I'm broke up in two spots as time I see you bigger now like you're on the bottom and I'm on the top. It's weird. So
Gwenevere Abriel: Why don't you do this, why don't you swipe your screen left and see if you can see the poster. I'm showing
Angelina C: That I was looking for. Oh, there we go. Yeah. Oh, cool. There you are.
Angelina C: Thank you. That's what I was looking for.
Gwenevere Abriel: You need to swipe left
Angelina C: Yeah, I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over here, what I am not in charge of what others think
Gwenevere Abriel: Your husband will think what he wants to thank and the revolutionary concept for most of us, is I don't have a right to change your philosophy that's your business, you may want it, you and I may wish and hope and pray. But we're not in charge of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: We have to accept what is the one below it. I'm not in charge of what people feel about me.
Gwenevere Abriel: They may think right he's calling me all kinds of names not in charge of it can't change that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm not in charge of other people's actions. He's walking out the door. He's doing a, b, and c and it hurts, but you're not in charge of it. He's in charge of his own actions.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not in charge of how other people talk to you. They're going to say things do things. Nope, not in charge of that. How about their judgments and feedback. Nope, not in charge of that. And the last one over here on the right, the consequences of others actions, he
Gwenevere Abriel: Will have to deal with the consequences of what he's doing. He will have to. You can't spare him.
Angelina C: That's what I feel like he doesn't care. That's a tough one right there. I don't feel like when he, when he especially on stuff. And he's just like I told them, because it's not being instead of comedy one minute coming up next to me. He loves me and the roller coaster ride, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What you're into
Gwenevere Abriel: This is where you in the white is where you get your power back
Angelina C: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Focus when you go out into this outer circle. These are things that you'll start to feel like you're going insane.
Gwenevere Abriel: Want to stay in here area right because we can't go crazy with all the stress that's going on. I am in charge of my actions I reached out for help to win a beer I texted, and here I am.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, you did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was really smart. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to probably organize yourself well enough that you're going to make it to work, even though there's pressures there. That's amazing.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in charge of your emotions and mood. Now this is hard for people to get a lot of people think that the emotions were not in charge them. They come out of nowhere.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you can shift your mind to distraction thinking about other things. Oftentimes when there's this much pressure. It's just getting organized it's writing lists.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, it's music. It's going for a quick little run there's. It takes a lot of effort, but you can be in charge of your mood and your emotions.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're in charge of whether you go take a shower. Whether You Drive over and you get to decide that you can walk over you can call someone talk to someone, you're in charge of your efforts, your ideas and beliefs.
You're in charge of your motivation.
Gwenevere Abriel: consequences of your actions. These are the things that you can do something about these ones on the outer ring.
Gwenevere Abriel: When your mind starts to go. How could he looked at him and he needs to change. I'm going to fight for it. I'm going to give him. I'm going to talk about how this was
Gwenevere Abriel: This is how it was before. And I'll make a persuasive argument you're spinning your wheels for nothing. He will not hear you know when he's not when he's neck deep in mess. There's just, it's not gonna happen.
Angelina C: He's the pills, because I think he did the pills do. That's why you went to Albuquerque. And I told my killer. I just feel bad. I just want him to go have a good day. I don't want to say like I fed up. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's smart because
Gwenevere Abriel: You're not
When you're not
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember, you came in today. I said, What is your biggest concern. You said it's the fighting.
Gwenevere Abriel: And your friends are saying, watch it just be
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And I get there, like, you know, kind of write it out, get through this this period of time.
Gwenevere Abriel: You decide if you really if your psychological damage that you're experiencing around him it's reached its breaking point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then, then you've got some numbers for some shelters and you've got people that you can reach out to if you decide I'm going to wait it out three days 14 days 30 days, you know, three months. Whatever you decide
Gwenevere Abriel: Fine, but trying to persuade him that he's wrong during those three months, you will be fighting
Gwenevere Abriel: And if the fighting, causing you anxiety and uncertainty, then don't poke the bear.
Angelina C: Yeah, that's why I say I was upset. I didn't know I wasn't talking like I couldn't figure it out just excited and calm. I call them at seven in the morning when I came off the mountain and he and I talked to him at 230 or text him.
Angelina C: I guess I just said we're staying right here, but
Angelina C: I didn't. So that's why he's not talking. That's all that started over and I'm a bit rough looking horror online and then Michaela title your dad, he's like, Don't fucking make excuses and stick up for her.
Angelina C: Because
Angelina C: He was like, Dad. We had three or four loads of laundry. It wasn't like we were just up there partying or something, you know, we take showers and stuff. It's there's, you know, I took there was three of us all together. The when you know
Angelina C: So it's not like it was, you know, and we've got the police. So it was just over that. That's what he has that I know he's using because the way he's treating me
Angelina C: And then I haven't seen him in three weeks you think you'd want to have kissing something he was good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you were using. And you didn't want to have regret, wouldn't you want him to just go quiet just silent.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you don't want to build up all these arguments, where more and more damage is done to the relationship so the more that you just sort of sit back
Gwenevere Abriel: And take care of you. Take care of your, your daughter take, make sure your job and things that you've got to stay on track with your recovery, the less he's going to have to regret.
Gwenevere Abriel: Believe it or not, because you're not creating these arguments that could turn into domestic violence or bills, don't get paid. I don't know how bad it gets over there with you guys, but
Angelina C: You can call we had absolutely no
Angelina C: We had zero like we came out here and he wasn't working. I lost my job. But then I tried counter. So I lost my apartment and everything like we've absolutely have nothing.
Angelina C: And his dad paid our phone bills because I had my counseling with you guys.
Angelina C: And then now like he just doesn't. I don't know. It just sucks. It's like we've never been this low night they took. Now the economy's to ship it we're making some income, you know,
Angelina C: And he's just but it just hurts me that he's like that. And I just feel like now.
Angelina C: You know he doesn't tell me how many he has. But he wants to know how much I haven't what I'm doing with it, but he won't. He doesn't want to know like when I told him after he made, he said to McHale and and to show me like stupid stuff like that but
Angelina C: You know, I'm not
Angelina C: Gonna lose my job over the ship.
Gwenevere Abriel: And honestly, right right now in a crisis. We're not going to fight really overpriced somewhat Michaela gets the money. It's your pride.
Angelina C: Okay, yeah.
Angelina C: Go ahead. I see, like, I'll give her the get go, I don't care. I'm to the point that I really seriously would rather live somewhere else and have to be here and hear his between every day.
Angelina C: I'm just like, I've been told them I will walk out. I will leave because I do not want to fight.
Angelina C: I've left him in Albuquerque before because I did not want to deal with them. Right. And I'll hurt. And that's when it was with that stupid stripper bitch that was staying over there. So I just can't I just don't
Angelina C: And he's like, you know, like, and trust me, and I don't trust us to fucking let's just leave it at that. I was like okay yeah I don't trust him.
Angelina C: But he seemed just because, but after I called now he's saying I turned it around on him because he didn't answer his phone for two days. But I wasn't pitching to him. And the way he was acting on the phone and shit. You know, he forgets what he says to
You know,
Angelina C: Like he will hold up to this trucker and he's like oh, here you can stay on the phone, but if there's not to hookers in his truck. I said, Oh, so you can have girls in your truck, then you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Now have you had a slip or been overmedicating the last few days, no.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sleep so good. That's something you feel proud about because this would be a real trigger, most of the time. This is intense stuff. Scary, scary, scary, right.
Angelina C: Yes, I, I don't, that's one thing I like I'm that's why I'm God. I don't go with them. Because if they're using over there. I feel bad for Michaela but she's been through it, she already knows so she knows just to call me. But, you know, but then he'll take the truck away from me.
Angelina C: You know what I mean. And then start to heal. Take the vehicles and then he'll tell us we have to get out or some stupid shit, you know,
Angelina C: So, and then today he stayed out there at night when I went out there to see if the door is open to tell the kids. I was getting on the phone with you. I was right there and I saw his stuff still in the chair and then when they came back in to get their things as when
Angelina C: Because, like, no, he told us to pack our bags. I was like, okay.
Angelina C: So the price because I don't know if he was planning on saying he's coming back or trying to talk to me. But he just left so
Angelina C: I don't care.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well whether you care. It's not something you can control, he's going to do what you
Angelina C: Do
Gwenevere Abriel: What can you do today where you can feel like you are in charge of today.
Angelina C: I'm just going to do me. I'm just gonna go. I'm gonna go up to my friends and see her a bit and and go to work. Yes.
Angelina C: I'll take all my stuff with me to get ready for work and ready
Gwenevere Abriel: You want the truth of the matter is, you're being happy and not ruffled because having a tantrum.
Angelina C: Yeah, I, I told him to I hung up on him, I was like I'm at work. I can't deal with this shit like he would not let me get a word in otherwise like he was just yelling at me and then like now he has to
Angelina C: Like today and he's want everything. And I was like, and I he was seeing here and Ben, I was trying to be nice. I said, Oh, I like the phone. He's like, whatever. Don't talk to me.
Angelina C: And then I said, you remember that last fight we got into and he just kept over talking over talking to me because I remember that we promise we're going to go get here again, but he he's in his own mind, like you said, he's lost on the drugs and shit.
Angelina C: And not counseling is going to be like like know he'll say, oh, that's fucking good for you because I'm talking to you and not fighting with him.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, do you know what to say when he says that
Gwenevere Abriel: That you can use this statement all day long, every day.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have no right to change your opinion. That's all you say
Angelina C: Okay.
I'm not kidding.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have no right to change your opinion of me. I have no right.
Gwenevere Abriel: To understand hold on to that. Think about what that says. And he's gonna think yeah yeah that's, yeah. Yeah, and I think your agenda. And then you say, well, I don't have a right to change your mind about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you just stick with it when. Notice how I don't talk about the content about what he says whether I'm a horror or not, whether I cheated. Whether I texted this or that. I don't say any that's all content.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you meet someone around content you're going to be in an argument, if you take what I'm describing, which is a neutral statement which is
Gwenevere Abriel: You know that circle I showed you this is how you you actually manifest it and say, you know what you and I are in a kind of bad place right now and I have no right to change your opinion of me over and over and over and over again.
Angelina C: Was the beginning you said it was good to
Gwenevere Abriel: You and I are having a really hard time
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, we are. Well, it's all your fault. He'll say around, turn around and say,
Gwenevere Abriel: I realized I don't have a right to change your opinion of me.
Angelina C: Yeah, like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So neutral and then he'll say, That's right. And, you know, my opinion is, and he'll go off. But you know what will happen if you do it a third time and a fourth time. There's nothing to fight against
Angelina C: Well, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. I can't change your opinion of me, you have every right to your opinion you do or you don't say nasty.
Gwenevere Abriel: The
Gwenevere Abriel: Things is we can do this with grace and integrity. If we can find the bit of truth. Remember that circle I showed you remember I was saying you're not in charge of his opinion.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how I said you keep trying to get him to see something to make a point for now for the next while while he's he's neck deep in his drug use.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wish wouldn't do it. I would use those neutral statements. What you're talking about is really important to you, I hear you. I don't have a right to change your opinion of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: If he says, What do you want. Well, okay then you know maybe you want to share i i'd like to stay here and feel safe. I'd like to have an extra $200 a month automatically put in the bank account. I'd like to have the water on but he's not going to ask so
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you and I will come back and we'll figure out what to do. But for now, if you don't want to fight because that's what you came in today. You said it's the fighting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then you go neutral, you are or you're going to fight air. There's nothing to fight.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you don't give content. Well, what about this other time of year ago and you did this like a sexy thing. Now that's content you're talking about content. What's there's nothing to say when you all you're saying is
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't change your mind about me. I have no right to change your mind about me. I've been trying. That's true. I I'm coming to terms, I can't make you see me in a different way. I see that now I see that I have no right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's just over as I you know I rephrase it three or four different ways. And I just
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just neutral. We are going difficult time you are going through a difficult time. I can hear in your voice something really big going on. We're both going through something really intense right now and I don't have a right to change your opinion of me.
Yeah.
Angelina C: Have you done
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything like that where you think that somehow. If you do that, back to back for maybe five times.
Gwenevere Abriel: Over and over, because right he'll test to see if that's true. Try and provoke you again with more NASTY ACCUSATIONS and judgment words and profanity. Have you ever done that to see if he can, if he will neutralize and maybe he'll go for a drive or he'll kind of storm off. They'll disengage.
Angelina C: And know we just Gallo by using on the walkway. I always walk where I walk out. I'll leave. I'll even give up. But I'll pack my Sydney and that's that's what it's been like when we were saying as my daughter.
Angelina C: She was in Jia
Angelina C: Him and I got into it over there and he went to stay with a friend. So I forgot what I was saying. But anyway, it's, I don't know. He's just so mainline does like poof. But yeah, it's, it's a lot. He's just he is. It's just a lot. I know he's using because he doesn't treat me like this, otherwise.
Gwenevere Abriel: I believe you know
Gwenevere Abriel: It's hard, you need to believe you.
Mm hmm.
Angelina C: And that's and you know I we have split up and gone, our separate ways and and and I even that's what it's all about four years ago, I thought
Angelina C: I've got over him. I thought I could get over him by sleeping with somebody and I thought that was I could get over and we weren't talking. He swears, we were together.
Angelina C: And then he found out that I was talking to this guy, and every since then, he will grow that my face but when Mikayla, was born 16 years ago.
Angelina C: He was taking my my other daughter patrician all our four pillars over to the strippers house and he was staying there for the weekends and stuff when I was home with the baby and he would come home and live here and come sleep with me.
Angelina C: So now I told him, I said, yeah, that was a one time to time thing. It's nothing I did, I regret it. It was something that hurt me more hurt me more than
Angelina C: I think Kim because I felt bad for hurting him because it wasn't something I wanted to do, but it was, I was so mad.
Angelina C: It was something stupid. I've learned from it. I don't even think of other guys like I don't even go down. I'm so I have so much more going on that.
Angelina C: That doesn't even cross my mind. And now I think he feels like when we fight like this, he probably wants me to quit the gas station. That's what his problem is. He's jealous that I'm working, I guess.
Angelina C: I don't know.
Angelina C: That he's just, he's just
Gwenevere Abriel: Can't change that thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's probably thinking when he gets out of it when he gets clear headed when he gets sobriety. Again, then you can have them we can get into content.
Gwenevere Abriel: None of it's going to stick. You're just, you just, I mean, I know I'm being really concrete with you, but I believe you. When you say he's using he's not going to remember things he's only to remember the next moment, the next thing they
Know,
Angelina C: But I just don't understand why the fight like
Angelina C: I mean, I do like I haven't told I mean it's, it hurts anything but it's kinda like I expected x i already felt like he was cheating. When he didn't have to start and maybe it's just cheating with the drugs. I don't know. Maybe he's not doing that and maybe he's
Angelina C: Just with themselves. I don't know. But whatever he's doing it's, you know, after three and a half weeks and not seeing him. He was all happy to come home this weekend and for him to change just overnight. Just because I didn't answer my phone.
Angelina C: Come on, let's just, it doesn't. I don't care about it though I have, like I said, I have other things to worry about, you know,
Angelina C: So it's just, it's not there, but I am going to roll with it. Like, I mean, and then I told them to. You want me to leave. I said, What do you want the kids to go to think about that stupid like where the kids going to go
Angelina C: So he's like they don't have to leave what you do and then he's like, I'm not kicking you out.
Angelina C: I was like, okay, he's like, but he does pay off. He is paying the bills, but he that was a deal and he left. Anyway, he was going to be all the bill the utility so
Gwenevere Abriel: Why is he not paying the water bill. I don't understand.
Angelina C: Okay, so we have a water leak underneath the house and it's been licensed since my daughter left here.
Angelina C: And when we were living in town. And so when we came back out here we have a leak under there. So our bill was like 300 and some odd dollars.
Angelina C: So he hasn't paid it. So he told me to go pay X i was credit card and I forgot to on Friday for them to come turned on, but we have to turn all the water off just flush the toilet. Let's turn it back on, you know, so
Gwenevere Abriel: When you well okay, when are you going to go pay that bill before he pulls that credit what, yeah.
Angelina C: When Monday I have his credit card number here so I'm gay.
Angelina C: Straight away. Yeah. And then like last night. He wanted the kids to order pizza, and he's like, he's like, Would you like would you do it for me, like, have your mom do it.
Angelina C: Why didn't carry that around with. Now I'm going to, but I don't carry it around with me. So I had to pay for it. And it's like, you know, 20 bucks is a lot for a pizza, I think.
Angelina C: You know, but they were happy they got it. They got the change and everything so I can keep the chains and stuff, but I just don't want
Angelina C: You know Michaela does check on me. She worries and she does, because just because I deadly with her dad up in June, you know, we were together. I had my apartment and I act like I was I was lying or telling her, I was working and
Angelina C: And all this stuff. And we went to Washington or Nevada or something and I went with him. She didn't even know we were talking yet.
Angelina C: So when he got back, I told her the truth. You know what happened. And out of all people she's the only one has ever stood by me through my sobriety through anything. My 16 year old and he's more than meaner one kind of more blunt like straightforward, but
Angelina C: Like she told me this morning. She's like, you know, Mom, I do go check on you at work, just one day they can done. It was like last night, I was like, What are you guys doing it's freezing outside
Angelina C: Like we just want to come see you and it's just right here. It's not like I mean it's a good walk, but it's not bad. You can even see the sign for our house, but it's like they walk down there and
Angelina C: She does. She said she comes and checks on me because I had lied to her.
Angelina C: And I told her I went with her dad so she doesn't know like her dad's here and I'm saying I'm at work or not. And I'm leaving because that's what I did to her house Center. I was working. I was up at April, I was doing all this stuff and and the whole time I was with him.
Angelina C: And so she was she's real heard about that. And I don't mind. I love them to come to my work.
Angelina C: You know, I'm not hiding anything I have nothing to hide. Like, I have nothing to lie about we've gotten everything out.
Angelina C: And he's like, yeah, we're going to do a lie detector test about when you are in rehab and if you're fucking rock I said no i was i was yeah I remember we went through this already. Paul
Angelina C: I was fucking around on you and me having this and now he's like, you know, I'm not gonna waste my money on a lie detector.
Angelina C: And then he'll come back to me like oh are we over who said we were over, but look at how he's treating me what he would do think, I think we're over, wouldn't you just yet. He's saying
Angelina C: That's what I would feel like. And then he'll come on back. Whoever said we were over, we were just fighting
Angelina C: Telling the kids. We just had an argument. We were just fighting. But then, but then that's when he sobered up
Angelina C: So let's see how long this last with him via run back and forth and get his pills from this dude back and forth with that other do those two are going to get like something bad's gonna happen to him.
Angelina C: Or he's gonna die on that ship I did and he knows that he's stuck doing it literally died so
Can change.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can do today with grace.
Gwenevere Abriel: Today,
Gwenevere Abriel: You can be grateful for this daughter that loves you. You can be grateful that the pride in each day that you stay on track with recovery that you're not falling apart.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because Paul is losing it. You're not going to fall apart. You're going to stay centered to do the next right thing
Gwenevere Abriel: And, you know, just be in relaxed vigilance, you'll keep your eyes open. You'll stay conscious and if you'd like some of those phrases you can just go neutral.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you may not have as much or as intense or as long as arguing, they'll probably say something like this. Oh, that's that stupid psychobabble bullshit from your counselor that some stupid shit. It doesn't matter. You say the same thing. And again, Paul, I
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't change your opinion about that.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it over and over and over and over.
Gwenevere Abriel: And over and over. If
Gwenevere Abriel: You think it's funny, but
Angelina C: No, it's not. Hey,
Gwenevere Abriel: If you want to give it a try. Because then he's fighting the air and he's gonna get bored with it. There's nothing to fight and then he'll go to, what does this mean the end. This means you're leaving. What does this mean
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going through a tough time right now, aren't we. Yes, we are. Okay. Yeah.
Angelina C: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's it.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no content. You said as soon as I stopped talking, you go into content. The call the accusations, you dip into it. It is probably going to be one of the more difficult things you do.
Angelina C: Is not going to content. Well, that's why I went, I went to rehab to the anger management and domestic violence. I took that class three times.
Angelina C: Three times. Yeah, right. I got into rehab.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes. Have you ever heard anything tried comments. These two things. Obviously, you always breathe. That's the key because that's how you'll remember, these two things are you brought him on your hand you breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you say,
Gwenevere Abriel: We're going through a really difficult time right now and I don't have a right to change your opinion and that's all you say okay
Gwenevere Abriel: But you depend to justification and having to make your point to him to win the argument you will be in an argument. Again, you have some control over you, not what he thinks, not what he does.
Gwenevere Abriel: You can control the words coming out of your mouth and the first thing to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just get quiet and breeze.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you'll remember, maybe these are hard to remember because they're not. Most people don't talk like this.
Angelina C: Yeah, that's true. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would literally put those two statements in my pocket. You can use them with a boss, you can use them with a colleague, you can use the customer.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what, sir, I don't have a right to change your opinion about this. That's it. You can use them everywhere. You can even do it to me. I would laugh. I mean,
Angelina C: Come on.
Angelina C: In yeah
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So today, you just do this little experiment and that'll be the game, it'll be the fun game today with just you and just playing with this different ways of communicating
Gwenevere Abriel: Just because you want to do today a little different. You don't want to be subject to someone else's puppeteering of you, you want to be in charge of how you feel. This is one way to do it.
Angelina C: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just play with this one.
Angelina C: Yeah, I will. I got a lot down now to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Angie. If you say it like like us, not
Angelina C: Bad no
Gwenevere Abriel: You say it like a little right. I don't want to be a brat to. Well, I guess I have no way of changing your opinion.
Angelina C: Yeah, like
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't do it like that. Right.
Angelina C: That's what I have problems with communication. And like I said, I can talk to you. I can tell him, but I cannot talk to him and I don't know why.
Angelina C: I just talked to him. Like, I can tell you everything and
Angelina C: I'm scared to talk. Damn, I guess you know course and
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're not going to show the fear what you'll do is
Gwenevere Abriel: You do know you have massive history of being
Terrible.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We play it out with our spouses, we just do we not going to get into philosophy. Right now we've got a plan. THERE IS A PART OF YOU THAT DOES KNOW YOU WERE YOU ARE VERY BRIGHT Woman Okay, it's about catching the moment. How do I do right now because literally that's all you have. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: What's gone that's gone.
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I and you don't know what the next hour is going to bring but you have right now if you
Angelina C: Do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then run those those words in your mind. This is what I'm going to say, How's my tone. Oh, to remember the tone of voice.
I gotta breathe.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if you need to picture him not who he is. You could use imagery and picture. So you could add imagery to this if this is hard for you to kind of bring your tone down to a sweet kind tone.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you think you could picture, Paul, as that would neutralize them even something silly. What could you picture him a mouse.
Angelina C: I don't know a big bear. I just, he's just such when he's not using he's so good but
That's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay there about what about something that will give you a giggle like a bear. I mean, is he wearing goofy shorts. Does he have like a silly hair do something that gets
Angelina C: Me because Bernie it's expired. It's weird. He hasn't shaved on the side to know long right here. Okay, weirdo.
Gwenevere Abriel: So okay, so you picture that you look at him, and you kind of go, you kind of picture like an actual was a grizzly bear. Polar Bear. I don't know what kind of
Angelina C: Go over
Gwenevere Abriel: All of our so pictures of polar bear was a little white Mohawk for Paul, get a little grid. Right. It'll be his little ears here and then he'll
Gwenevere Abriel: Here and then you'll say it was looking at him like that, you know, I don't have a right to change your opinion of me right now we are going through a tough, tough time
Gwenevere Abriel: And then you
Gwenevere Abriel: shush, shush.
Angelina C: Yeah, he'll be he'll it'll be nice, because I am I'm usually the fighter, but like even yesterday at work. I couldn't yell. Nothing, I was just like, I'm at work, and he knew it to any way to take it to work because me and tell me what a fucking good chance
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you say on the phone to the polar bear. What do you say to him.
Angelina C: To say, I can't change your opinion.
Angelina C: You're right, you're right in
Angelina C: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right. And that's all you saying not nasty tone but polar bear Mohawk town.
Angelina C: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember that
Angelina C: We forget that I didn't, you know, we sat down at night with my friends. I said, I don't even remember the last time I laughed like you know like really laughed and had a fun time. We were talking about that because it. Gosh, I don't even remember. So yeah, it's a good laugh.
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got to because then what are we doing we're wasting our life. What is this, if, if it's not about some giggles and and having a good time, don't waste a minute. Not today. You take back today. Enjoy your customers. If you can crack some little jokes enjoy them.
Angelina C: I will
Angelina C: Thank you so much for seeing me today to I so appreciate that. I didn't know what I was going to go crazy.
Angelina C: So much
Gwenevere Abriel: If you forget the lines text me and I'll text them back.
Angelina C: I sure will. That's perfect.
All right.